docs: how to download complete storage (#44877)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/storage/management/download-objects.mdx

---
id: 'storage-management'
title: 'Download Objects'
description: 'Learn about downloading objects'
subtitle: 'Learn about downloading objects'
sidebar_label: 'Download Objects'
---

> Supabase Storage files can be downloaded in a variety of ways depending on your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download Supabase Storage files can in a variety of ways depending on your use case.
```

## From the Dashboard

> You can download individual files directly from the [Storage section](/dashboard/project/_/storage/buckets) of the Dashboard by browsing to your bucket and selecting files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download individual files directly from the [**Storage > Files**](/dashboard/project/_/storage/buckets) section of the Dashboard by browsing to your bucket and selecting files.
```

I am moving forward, getting slightly pedantic with these for some consistency, but also to help AI tools…

## Using the Supabase CLI

You can use the `supabase storage` commands to list and copy objects from your linked project.

See the [CLI reference](/docs/reference/cli/supabase-storage) for available commands.

## Using an S3-compatible client

Supabase Storage exposes an S3-compatible endpoint, which means you can use tools like [Cyberduck](https://cyberduck.io/) (via a connection profile), AWS CLI, or rclone to browse and download your files.

To connect:

> 1. Go to **Storage > Configuration > [S3](/dashboard/project/_/storage/s3)** in the Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [**Storage > Configuration > S3**](/dashboard/project/_/storage/s3) section of the Dashboard.
```

As above

2. Enable the S3 protocol and generate an access key + secret key pair (Save it immediately as it is shown once).
3. Use your S3-compatible tool with the endpoint and credentials from the Dashboard.

See the [S3 authentication doc](/docs/guides/storage/s3/authentication) for full connection details.

<Admonition type="tip">

For downloading a large number of objects, using an S3-compatible tool like rclone or Cyberduck is significantly more efficient than downloading files individually.

</Admonition>

## Using migration scripts

For bulk downloads or project migrations, you can use the scripts from our migration docs:

- **Node.js script** — see "Migrating storage objects" in the [migration guide](/docs/guides/platform/migrating-within-supabase/backup-restore)
- **Google Colab script** — see "Migrate storage objects to new project's S3 storage" in the [dashboard restore guide](/docs/guides/platform/migrating-within-supabase/dashboard-restore)

## File metadata

> Note that file metadata is stored separately from the actual files. It lives in the `storage.buckets` and `storage.objects` tables in your Postgres database. If you need a complete backup (files + metadata), see the [backup and restore guide](/docs/guides/platform/migrating-within-supabase/backup-restore).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="note">

File metadata is stored separately from the actual files. It lives in the `storage.buckets` and `storage.objects` tables in your Postgres database. If you need a complete backup (files + metadata), see the [backup and restore guide](/docs/guides/platform/migrating-within-supabase/backup-restore).

</Admonition>
```
